You will inform
the police anyway.
I won't pay you, sir.
Remember,
you also broke the law.
Actually, you're right.
Partly.
See, I usually do this kind
of thing from my computer,
but this time I wanted
to do it AFK.
In person.
I'm trying to work
on my social anxiety.
But there's always the threat of
you fleeing after I call you out.
You know, you tell your sysadmin to take
your servers down, wipe all the data.
So...
I made sure to include the current
time and location on my anonymous tip.
Wait, hold on. I'll give you the money.
I'll pay you.
How much do you want? I'll pay you.
(SIREN WAILING)
That's the part you
were wrong about, Rohit.
I don't give a shit about money.
ELLIOT:
Now, I'm being followed.
The higher-ups don't like
someone with my powers.
In three short minutes, I destroyed
a man's business, life, existence.
I deleted him.
MAN: Hey!
Hey, you!
Hey, kiddo.
MAN: What's happening?
Exciting time in
the world right now.
Exciting time.
ELLIOT: But I'm only a
vigilante hacker by night.
By day, just a regular
cyber-security engineer.
Employee number ER-280652.
GIDEON: Elliot?
In here.
- What's up?
- Yo.
GIDEON: I do. It's not about the...
ANGELA: All Of the...
I can... Yeah, I can totally...
(GIDEON GROANS)
I can totally handle it.
Look, they were
hacked again last night.
- Gideon... ELLIOT: That's my
childhood friend, Angela.
She can be a bit
high-strung sometimes.
But, trust me, she's
one of the good ones.
What am I looking at? Is this the log file?
This was a RUDY attack.
- This is awesome.
- Gideon, will you please answer me?
Awesome?
You think this is awesome?
This is killing us, Elliot.
(SHOUTING) Gideon, I'm not leaving...
- Angela!
Let's just see how
this meeting goes today.
I mean, their... Their networks
are getting attacked every week.
Who knows if they'll
still even be a client.
- They're coming in?
- Yeah.
What did we say
about the dress code?
All right, now, look over
those logs and be ready,
this afternoon, in case
they have any questions.
Okay?
(SOFTLY) Okay.
ELLIOT: Did you
start smoking again?
Did you not get my
texts last night?
I sent you exactly 13 of them.
Yeah, sorry.
I couldn't make it.
You promised me that you
were gonna try this time.
(ELECTROPOP MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Stop thinking about something
else when I'm talking to you.
I hate when you do that.
Sorry.
I was... thinking about work.
(SIGHS)
Maybe that's why Gideon
loves you so much.
He thanks me all the
time for bringing you in.
But, for some reason, I think
you secretly hate it here.
ELLIOT:
She was right.
I like most of the people,
but our business,
a cyber-security firm that
protects corporations,
I can't think
of anything I hate more.
No, I love it here.
(BOTH LAUGH)
I'm sorry.
I'm just in a bad mood.
I'm late on my last
two student loan payments.
And I can't get
Gideon to give me a raise.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Yo, buddy.
- Missed you last night. Where were you?
- Gotta go.
Big meeting today.
Did you find out what happened?
Yeah.
He said he was working.
Ugh, come on.
You gotta talk to him.
We're gonna be late
for the staff meeting.
He can't stand me.
And you know why.
Angela,
I can't have that kind
of negativity in my life.
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
That's exactly
what I'm talking about.
(KISSES)
KRISTA: What are
you thinking about?
Nothing.
You wanna know what
I'm thinking about?
The first time you came to me.
ELLIOT: I didn't
exactly come to Krista.
I was forced here.
But I do like her.
Hacking her was simple.
Her password?
Dylan_2791.
Favorite artist and the year in
which she was born, backwards.
Though she's a psychologist, she's
really bad at reading people.
But I'm good at reading people.
My secret?
I look for the worst in them.
I know she went through
a divorce four years ago.
I know she was devastated by it and has
been dating losers on eHarmony ever since.
Her most recent foray?
Michael Hansen.
I searched for him online,
but nothing came up.
No LinkedIn, no Facebook.
Nothing.
Something about him bugs me.
Scratching that part
of my mind again.
But I'll hack him soon enough.
I always do.
I know you're not yelling
like before, which is good,
but I can tell you're
still holding on to it.
And we need to work on
your anger issues, Elliot.
You're angry at everyone.
At society...
ELLIOT: F... society.
I know you have
a lot to be angry about,
but keeping it to yourself
and staying quiet,
like you're doing,
it's not going to help you.
There's pain underneath.
That's where our
work needs to go.
What is it about society
that disappoints you so much?
Oh, I don't know.
Is it that we collectively thought
Steve Jobs was a great man,
even when we knew he made billions
off the backs of children?
Or maybe it's that it feels like
all our heroes are counterfeit.
The world itself's
just one big hoax.
Spamming each other with our burning commentary
of bullshit masquerading as insight.
Our social media
faking as intimacy.
Or is it that we voted for this?
Not with our rigged elections,
but with our things.
Our property.
Our money.
I'm not saying anything new.
We all know why we do this.
Not because Hunger Games
books makes us happy.
But because we wanna be sedated.
Because it's painful not to pretend.
Because we're cowards.
F... society.
KRISTA: (DISTORTED) Elliot.
Elliot, you're
not saying anything.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Don't be frustrated.
Why shouldn't I be?
You're different than most.
You at least try.
You at least understand.
Understand what?
What it's like to feel alone.
You understand the pain.
You wanna protect
people from it.
You wanna protect me from it.
I respect that about you.
Why do you think I know what
it's like to feel alone?
Shit.
From her emails.
Elliot?
I don't know.
Let's talk about last night.
Did you go to
Angela's birthday party?
ELLIOT:
Yeah. It was nice.
KRISTA: Did you try to talk to anyone?
ELLIOT: Sure.
I got a girl's number.
- You did?
ELLIOT: (LAUGHS) She's cute.
She likes The Hunger Games.
You're hiding again, Elliot.
When you hide,
your delusions come back.
It's a slippery slope.
Let's talk about the men in
black you've been seeing.
Are they still there?
No, they're...
I told you, they're gone.
The meds you
gave me are working.
Yo, man.
Do you wanna, uh...
You wanna do lunch today?
Uh, yeah.
- I got other...
- Plans, right.
That's what you said the last
three times I asked you, uh...
Look, bud, you and Angela have
been close for a long time.
And that's even more reason why
I want us to be on good terms.
(STAMMERS) I just... I feel like
things have been awkward between us.
Don't you?
I'm okay with it being
awkward between us.
(LAUGHS)
Um, yeah, I'm...
I'm not okay with that.
Um...
Look, man, I love Angela
and I want us to...
To get along, for her sake.
I mean, that's, that's what I'm kinda...
That's what I'm here for.
I just, I...
I don't normally
do stuff like this.
ELLIOT: Am I crazy
not to like this guy?
Among some of his
Facebook likes are
George W. Bush's
decision points,
Transformers 2:
Revenge of the Fallen,
- and the music of Josh Groban...
(OLLIE DRONING ON)
Must I really justify
myself any further?
Working on that shit, you know?
ELLIOT: His was
the easiest to hack.
Password was 123456Seven.
I witnessed his first "I love
you" with Angela over GChat.
Then I witnessed the first Of
many infidelities with Stella B.
OLLIE: I've never done
anything like this before...
ELLIOT: I've thought about telling
Angela but she has shitty taste in men
and I'm not quite ready to see
what comes after this just yet.
You like music.
I like music.
Maroon 5?
ELLIOT: Plus, I can manage
Ollie easier than the others.
For now, anyway.
And that's all I mean.
(SIGHING)
I just want you to know that.
I like you, bro.
And I want you to like me, too.
I understand.
I'll try harder.
That's cool, man.
Hey, whenever you're
ready, I'd love to just...
...chill.
Oh, forgot about your...
no touching thing.
ELLIOT: Truth is, I shouldn't hate
Ollie. He's not that bad a guy.
He's too dumb to be bad.
In fact, when I think
about the really bad people...
E Corp, the largest
conglomerate in the world.
They're so big,
they're literally everywhere.
A perfect monster
of modern society.
The "E" might as well
stand for "Evil."
WOMAN: (ON TV) ...electronics and
all of life's necessities...
ELLIOT: In fact, after a thorough,
intensive self-reprogramming,
that's all my mind hears, sees, or
reads when they pop up in my world.
WOMAN: (ON TV) Together,
we can change the world...
...with E Corp.
ELLIOT: Evil Corp.
Krista would have a shit fit
if she knew I did that.
But that's what they are,
a conglomerate of evil.
And now I have to help them.
There are six on-site
engineers on your account.
- Plus a few off-site. ELLIOT: There he is.
Terry Colby, the CTO.
GIDEON: I know it looks a little...
complicated.
ELLIOT: Even though he's
the head technology guy
at one of the biggest companies in
the world, he owns a BlackBerry.
(GIDEON TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
GIDEON: So, this
is it, right here.
ELLIOT: It also looks like he
doesn't see a terminal very often.
He's not a techie.
He's a moron.
An arrogant moron.
The worst kind.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Oh, hi.
Tyrell Wellick, Senior
Vice President, Technology.
Elliot.
Just a tech.
Don't be so humble.
You know, I started out
exactly where you are, and...
To be honest, you know,
my heart is still there.
So I see you're running Gnome.
You know,
I'm actually on KDE myself.
I know this desktop environment
is supposed to be better, but...
You know what they say,
old habits, they die hard.
ELLIOT:
An executive running Linux?
But, that... - Yeah, I
know what you're thinking.
I'm an executive.
I mean, why am I
even running Linux?
Again, old habits.
It's gonna be fun
working with you.
I should join the
rest of the group.
Bonsoir, Elliot.
ELLIOT: Sometimes I dream
of saving the world.
Saving everyone
from the invisible hand.
The one that brands us
with an employee badge.
The one that forces
us to work for them.
The one that controls us every
day without us knowing it.
But I can't stop it.
I'm not that special.
I'm just anonymous.
(KEYS JINGLE)
I'm just alone.
If it weren't for Qwerty,
I'd be completely empty.
(INAUDIBLE)
ELLIOT: I hate when I can't
hold in my loneliness.
This crying's been happening too often.
Every other week now.
What do normal people
do when they get this sad?
They reach out to friends
or family, I think.
That's not an option.
I do morphine.
The key to doing morphine
without turning into a junkie
is to limit yourself
to 30 milligrams a day.
(SNIFFING) Anything more just
builds up your tolerance.
I check every pill
I get for purity.
I have eight milligrams
Suboxone, for maintenance,
in case I go through withdrawal.
Shit.
I'm out again.
(DOOR SHUTS)
ELLIOT: How much?
On the house.
No, Shayla.
Not doing that, okay?
This is just a regular drug
deal, like it always is.
Fine.
Oh, yeah, so what
are you up to tonight?
'Cause I tried to post something on
your Facebook and couldn't find you.
I'm not on Facebook.
What? Why not?
'Cause I hate Facebook.
That's crazy.
Well, you wanna do
these together, then?
Pure Molly.
(EXHALES)
Don't ever make decisions
when you're on morphine.
(PHONE VIBRATING)
Instagram check-in for
Krista at Pierre Loti.
Okay, Michael Hansen. Time to
find out who you really are.
(INDISTINCT)
(PHONE RINGING)
Taxi!
Uh, hi. I just left my
keys in one of your cabs.
56Y2.
Sure.
MAN:
How 'bout you two? Huh?
You guys got any spare change?
Help me out? Homes are expensive, guys.
Come on.
306, Hawthorne.
Thank you. Thank you.
MICHAEL: Come on, asshole.
Piss already.
- I mean, come on. Come on!
(DOG WHIMPERING)
- Will ya... Will ya go?
(DOG SQUEALING)
ELLIOT: Hey!
- Go! Go, will ya?
- Hey.
- Come on.
Can I borrow your phone?
Mine's dead.
I need to call my mom.
Thank you.
(PHONE RINGING)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
No answer.
Thanks, anyway.
(DOG WHIMPERS)
(PHONE VIBRATING)
Angela, is everything okay?
I need you to come to Allsafe.
You're there?
It's 3:00 in the morning.
ANGELA: They attacked Evil
Corp 's servers again.
But it's bad this time.
It's a DDoS attack.
ELLIOT: Did you call Lloyd?
He's on call.
Yeah, he's here.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Is he talking to
their tech department?
He's online with them,
but so far, nothing.
(QUIETLY) I don't think
that Lloyd can handle this.
Look, Gideon just
put me on this account.
I can't screw up in my first week.
I need you.
Please?
I'll be right there.
ANGELA: (SIGHS) Finally.
Calm down.
It's only been an hour.
Yeah, well an hour
in Evil Corp's time
is like $13,000,000
in revenue, approximately.
Actually, I calculated that.
That's exactly
how much they lost.
Don't worry, I got you.
Lloyd, what's up?
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Lloyd?
Elliot.
This is bad.
Worst DDoS attack
I've ever seen.
ELLIOT: Did you
reconfigure the DNS?
LLOYD: Yes.
Stop the services. I already
stopped the services.
I tried to reboot the servers,
but they're not coming back up.
Dude, someone is straight up finger-blasting
our entire network right now.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
They just started
reporting on the outage.
ELLIOT: Shit. This is worse than I
thought. They're in the network.
GIDEON:
What's the status update?
You see, I thought we set up security
protocols so that this doesn't happen.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Where's the attack coming from?
ELLIOT: Everywhere, obviously.
USA, Finland,
Thailand, Kuwait...
Start restarting the services, load
sharing, redirect the traffic.
And call Prolexic for help.
Wait.
What?
I don't think this
is just a DDoS attack.
I think they got a rootkit
sitting inside the servers.
What's a rootkit?
It's like a crazy serial
rapist with a very big dick!
Jesus, Lloyd!
Sorry, it's a malicious code that
completely takes over their system.
(STAMMERING) It could delete
system files, install programs,
- viruses, worms...
- How do we stop it?
That's the thing, it's
fundamentally invisible.
You can't stop it. All of
their servers are timing out.
None of them are coming back up.
Yeah. This means every
time we restart a server
the virus replicates itself during
boot-up, then crashes the host.
How are we supposed
to bring up the network
if we can't restart the servers?
We can't.
Which is what they wanted.
By defending ourselves, we ended
up spreading the virus everywhere.
Only thing we can do is... We gotta
take the whole system offline.
Wipe the infected servers
clean, then bring them back up.
- You're coming with me.
- Yeah.
GIDEON: Lloyd?
(SIGHS)
Tell everybody to start
taking everything offline.
LLOYD: On it.
GIDEON: Uh, the server farm in Dulles.
We're gonna need the jet.
They're booting
the network back up.
Now, you're downloading
the logs, right?
- Because we need...
- Stop. Tell 'em to stop.
- What?
- Don't start the boot sequence.
You guys missed one. There's an
infected server up and running.
What's the ETA before
it hits this server?
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
ELLIOT: The backup
server up and running?
MAN: It's ready, but it's not
configured for auto switch.
ELLIOT: We need to redirect the traffic.
We need to switch DNS.
You got this. You got this.
You got this.
GIDEON: No, this is impossible.
You got this. You got this.
GIDEON:
It's almost at the bad server.
We still up?
(EXCLAIMS)
We're okay.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
Yeah.
Hey, I'm gonna take a look at
the infected server, okay?
Give me a minute.
Yeah.
Uh, I'll meet you
at the elevators.
(CLACKING RESUMES)
ELLIOT: They must've
left a mark or something.
Every hacker loves attention.
They don't just do DDoS
attacks for no reason.
This is it.
"fsociety."
Is that supposed to be a joke?
This was way too easy. They
didn't hide it well at all.
This note is for me.
They're telling me
to leave it here.
But why?
Doesn't matter.
Time to shut them down.
Why can't I delete it?
I don't want to delete it.
I want it to stay.
What's wrong with me?
I'll reconfigure the access to the
root directory so only I can use it.
No one will know.
WOMAN:
For you, sir.
Did you know that I'm gay?
Uh...
No.
Hmm.
Consider this me coming
out to you, then.
Okay?
(CLEARS THROAT)
It's hard, 'cause I don't like
to talk about my sex life,
but my partner, he gets
very paranoid, he...
Thinks I'm ashamed of...
He wants me to be
more public about it.
So...
Anyway.
I'm gay.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
Hey, man, don't worry about it.
Hackers have a
short attention span.
They'll get bored,
harass someone else.
Evil Corp is thinking
about leaving us.
And I don't know
if I can blame 'em.
ELLIOT: They could've called
their other security teams. Mmm.
ELLIOT:
They called you.
Somebody over there likes us.
(INHALES) But Terry Colby,
he's getting the pressure.
And he calls the shots.
Evil Corp is 80%
of our business.
If we lose them,
that's gonna be it for us.
It's gonna be it...
...for me.
I feel like I can talk to you.
I mean, more than
the others, anyway.
I'm sure, in a weird way,
you'll be happy
if we went under.
Aw, come on.
(CHUCKLES)
I know you hate wearing
those stupid shirts.
Gideon,
I promise I'll find them.
(SIGHS)
ELLIOT: Evil Corp servers
should be back up soon enough.
I'll take a look
at the .dat file.
I'll ask my IRC contacts about
fsociety when I get home.
I've never seen their name
on the boards, though.
They gotta be new.
But they're good.
(GRUNTS)
Rough night?
I'm getting off here.
I think you should come with me.
But only if you
didn't delete it.
If you deleted it, we got
nothing to talk about.
Are you talking to me?
MAN: (ON PA) Stand clear of
the closing doors, please.
Who are you?
We gotta wait for the Q.
Then what?
Then we're going to Brooklyn.
Out by Coney Island.
Why?
What's there?
(SIGHS)
Obviously, you're gonna
ask a lot of questions.
It's weird what you're
doing right now. I get it.
But... I can't tell you
anything until we get there.
You can't smoke in here.
(EXHALES)
You've been following me.
Why?
What do you want from me?
(SIGHS)
My dad was a petty thief.
Never could hold down a job.
So he just robbed.
Convenience stores, shops.
Small-time stuff.
One time, he sat me down. He told
me something I never forgot.
He said, "Everyone steals.
"That's how it works.
"You think people out there are getting
exactly what they deserve? No.
"They're getting paid
over or under,
"but someone in the chain
always gets bamboozled.
"I steal, son.
"But I don't get caught.
"That's my contract
with society.
"Now, if you can catch me
stealing, then I'll go to jail.
"But if you can't...
"then I've earned the
money." (CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS)
I respected that man.
I thought that shit
was cool, as a little kid.
A few years after that,
they finally caught him.
Sent him to jail.
He dies five years later.
My respect goes with him.
I thought he was free doing
what he did, but he wasn't.
He was in prison.
Just like you are now, Elliot.
But I'm gonna break you out.
Why would you guys
actually meet IRL?
You remember that
hacker group, O-Megz?
They got outed by their own leader to the
FBI and six hackers went to prison for it.
You know how they got him?
They went on
the dude's computer.
Tracked them all
down through emails,
VPN sessions, chat
messages, texts.
One guy, and the whole
thing comes down.
That's what's called...
Central point of failure.
Right.
Because they refused
to meet in person,
they compromised each other every time
they sent so much as a smiley face.
The rule here is,
it's done here and only here.
It ends when you walk out that
door and begins when you walk in.
Our encryption,
is the real world.
How do you talk
to each other, then?
We don't.
We come and go. Work on
the project when we can.
How do you trust them?
I give 'em an exercise.
If they pass, they join us.
If they fail...
DDoS attack last night.
You were testing me.
You said there was a project.
What's the project?
That'll come later.
I just wanted you
to see the place.
(ARCADES BEEPING)
There's not much you
can do without a CPU.
(KEYBOARD CLACKING)
ELLIOT:
I'm crazy.
I have to be crazy, because
that didn't just happen, right?
This is a delusion.
Is this a delusion?
Shit, I'm a schizo.
Have I really lost it this time?
No. No.
Last night happened.
It was real.
Angela called me.
I was at Allsafe.
Evil Corp servers
were compromised.
Those are facts, not delusions.
I know.
I know, I know, I realize I'm saying
all of this to an imaginary person.
But I created you.
I didn't create this.
Oh.
Thank God, you're here. I was just
about to go wait in the Starbucks.
You live in a bad neighborhood.
Do you know that?
I do know that.
Do you wanna get high and
watch your favorite movie?
(SIGHS) You saved
our asses last night.
I thought Gideon was
definitely gonna fire me.
Where've you been?
I thought you'd be sleeping.
I... Yeah, I fell asleep on the train.
(SNIFFS)
That sounds like such a lie.
But, whatever.
I don't wanna get
into that right now.
So, you wanna do this?
I miss Qwerty.
I hope she still loves me.
Okay...
Shit.
She wasn't supposed to be here.
Okay? Give me a minute
and I'll get rid of her.
It's okay. Um...
This is great.
Elliot, I'm happy for you.
No, it's not like that.
Well, maybe it should be.
You know, it's
good that you're...
...dating.
(SIGHS)
Um...
Well, see you on Monday.
We can do movie night next time.
I promise. Okay?
(SOFTLY) Yeah.
Have fun.
(SIGHS)
(BANGS HEAD)
(SLAMS DOOR)
SHAYLA: Mmm...
Elliot?
(SHAYLA SIGHS)
Oh, shit.
Is it Wednesday?
Shayla.
I have to move my car.
Shayla,
leave.
(INHALES) Now!
ELLIOT: No mention of
Mr. Robot anywhere.
No mention of fsociety.
Not on any of the hacker boards.
Not on IRC, forums, blogs-
No one's heard of them.
Property was owned by Fun Society
Amusement LLC for 13 years.
Owner was shot and killed a year
and a half ago. No owner since.
And the ownership history before
that's sparse to non-existent.
This guy's good.
Very good.
Doesn't matter.
Their arcade network's
IP is in the .dat file.
That'll be enough
to turn them in.
What's your ask, Mr. Robot?
Hey, man.
Where's your boss?
Okay, cut the bullshit.
When are you gonna give us
access to the root directory?
What?
Dude, come on.
I wrote that rootkit.
I still have to put Colby's
IP in the .dat file.
(SCOFFS)
Dickhead.
Elliot!
Good news.
Scored the last bag of
Twinkies from Gristedes.
You want one?
She just called me a dickhead.
Yeah, that's Darlene.
Hey, you like Ferris wheels?
MR. ROBOT:
Ah, it's beautiful.
It gets better the higher
up you go, you know.
(SIGHS)
I love it up here.
You like it?
I'm here to tell you
I'm turning you in.
I'm giving them
all the information...
Let me tell you why
you're really here.
You're here because you sense
something wrong with the world.
Something you can't explain.
But, you know it controls you
and everyone you care about
What are you talking about?
Money.
Money hasn't been real since
we got off the gold standard.
It's become virtual.
Software, the operating
system of our world.
And, Elliot, we are on the verge
of taking down
this virtual reality.
(CABIN RUMBLING)
Think about it.
What if you could take
down one conglomerate?
A conglomerate so
deeply entrenched
in the world's economy
that "too big to fail" doesn't
even come close to describing it?
You wanna create another financial
meltdown like the one we just had,
but way worse.
Yeah, why would I want that?
Everyone would lose their money.
What if I told you
that this conglomerate
just so happens to own 70% of the
global consumer credit industry, huh?
If we hit their
data center just right
we could systematically format all
the servers, including backup.
That would erase...
All the debt we owe them.
Every record of every credit card, loan,
and mortgage would be wiped clean.
It'd be impossible to reinforce
outdated paper records.
It'd all be gone.
The single, biggest incident
of wealth redistribution
in history.
Evil Corp.
The conglomerate.
That's why you picked me.
'Cause I work at Allsafe.
Tomorrow...
Allsafe is gonna get
a visit from the FBI
and the US Cyber Command.
You...
...are gonna modify
the .dat file,
and put Colby's terminal
IP address in there.
Terry Colby.
You're gonna frame him?
No one's gonna believe that.
I met him.
He's a moron.
So are the FBI.
Even if they don't
believe he did it,
they'll believe he gave
someone access to it.
And he'll just go to jail.
What good'll that do?
You don't take down a conglomerate
by shooting them in the heart.
That's the thing
about conglomerates,
they don't have hearts.
You take 'em down limb by limb.
And as they unravel,
their illusion
of control unravels.
Who are you?
That'll come later.
Right now...
You have a lot to think about.
You have to change
this .dat file, okay?
But put Colby's IP in there.
You do that,
you'll have set in motion the largest
revolution the world will ever see.
(BALLAD PLAYING)
If you go away
On this summer day
Then you might as well
take the sun away
All the birds that flew
in a summer sky
When our love was new
and our hearts were high
When the day was young
And the night was long
And the moon stood still
for the night bird's song
If you go away
But if you stay
Then I'll make you a day
Like no day's been
Or will be again
We'll sail on the sun
We'll ride on the rain
We'll talk to the trees
That worship the wind
And if you go, I'll understand
Leave me just enough love
to fill up my hand
If you go away
As I know you must
There'll be nothing left
in the world to trust
Just an empty room
full of empty space
Like the empty look
I see on your face
Can I tell you now
as you turn to go
I'll be dying slowly
till your next hello
If you go away
TERRY: So?
What do we got?
So, if you'll take a look at the
first page of your agenda...
You're the one
who stopped the hack.
You know, uh, the gals in analysis
said this was a tough one.
All things being equal, it should've
shut us down for days, so...
You did good.
Okay.
GIDEON: We should start with
our account executive, Angela.
Okay, we first noticed the breach at 2:07 a.m.
Eastern Standard on Friday night.
You mean Saturday?
Sorry, yes.
Technically, Saturday morning.
Yeah. Okay, Angela.
That's what we're here for.
The technicals.
Right.
Yes.
Anyway, he arrived at
the office at 2:35, and I...
Okay, wait, wait, wait. So that's, uh,
almost a half hour after the initial breach.
Why didn't anyone pipe
in from their laptops?
It's not... It wouldn't
have been secure.
If someone
terminaled in on this.
It was...
...the smarter move to have someone come
in so they can log in on a secure line.
Exactly.
Then, Lloyd was able to...
Just... Just, actually, uh...
Just one second.
(DOOR CLOSING)
You know, I, uh...
I always loved this view.
TERRY: And now that
that's taken care of,
let's pick it up
where we left off.
What happened to Angela? She
knows more about what happened.
She's not gonna work out for us.
Not on this level. We need to stick
to the more tech savvy here.
Now, let's get to
the heart of this thing,
because I can't sit here and look through
a packet for the next 20 minutes.
All right?
Just who did this?
Is it that hard?
Who did this?
I found the configuration file of the
rootkit with a pattern of IP addresses.
Once you decrypt it, you'll
know where the hack came from.
ELLIOT:
Nineteen days.
No news. No arrest.
No revolution.
No FBI, Colby, Evil Corp.
No Mr. Robot.
No fsociety.
I need to take
my mind off things.
(PHONE RINGING)
(RINGING CONTINUES)
MAN: (ON PHONE)
Hello?
ELLIOT: Hi, this is Sam from Bank
of E-Security Fraud Department.
Unfortunately, I have to inform you
that your account's been compromised.
What? What happened?
First, before I can
answer any questions,
I need to verify
some information.
Are you still at
306 Hawthorne Avenue?
Yes, apartment 2C.
Great. And your security question,
"Favorite baseball team"?
Um, Yankees. I don't remember
this being a security...
And, lastly, your pet's name?
Um, Flipper.
Uh, who am I speaking to?
Can I get your name and num...
(LINE DISCONNECTS)
ELLIOT: With those details, plus
a dictionary brute force attack,
it'll take my program maybe two
minutes to crack his password.
What I wouldn't
give to be normal.
To live in that bubble.
The reality of the naive.
That's how I justify this.
To keep their optimism intact.
To protect them.
(COMPUTER BEEPS)
How? He's too old to have
a complicated password.
It had to have been a
combination of these things.
I'm missing something.
Michael Hansen
isn't his real name.
(INDISTINCT)
Come on.
Get over here.
ELLIOT: Lenny Shannon?
Michael Hansen?
Which one you playin' tonight?
You're gonna stop seeing Krista.
What the...
You're gonna break up with her.
You're never gonna
see her again.
You're the guy
that used my phone.
You cheated on your current wife
with seven different women.
I got digital proof
of all of it.
Ashley Madison, online
escorts, fake Facebook pages.
I own it all.
And if you don't
stop seeing her...
Your wife will know everything.
Along with the police.
- The police? - Yeah, one
of the escorts was 15.
(SIGHS)
ELLIOT:
That 15 part I made up,
but he did have a proclivity for
young escorts that helped the lie.
But I'm not gonna
do any of that.
As long as you
break up with Krista.
Tonight.
Done.
You're also gonna
tell her the truth.
You're married, cheat on
your wife, you hire hookers.
And you never had any intention
of being serious with her.
Why?
That would destroy her.
She thinks that...
...we're in love.
ELLIOT:
Exactly.
Krista needs to avoid dickheads
like you in the future.
Her radar needs fixing.
I'll know if you
skip any detail.
So don't.
And one more thing.
I'm gonna need
something from you.
Come on.
(FLIPPER SNIFFING)
(BAG RUSTLING)
Hmm.
I like you, Flipper.
You're cool.
ELLIOT: I never wanna
be right about my hacks,
but people always
find a way to disappoint.
Michael Hansen now gets
filed away among the others.
Forever buried
in my digital cemetery.
The look of disillusionment.
He told her.
She cried all night.
Now comes the sadness.
I don't like seeing her sad.
You okay?
(SOFTLY) Sorry.
Sorry.
(SIGHS)
Go on.
I think Angela blames me for what
happened at the Evil Corp meeting.
What do I do?
I need to talk to her.
Well, I think you just
answered your own question.
Talk to her.
She won't respond to any
of my texts or emails.
Then, go to her in person.
Tell her you need to talk.
Communication is key, Elliot.
Real human interaction.
That's what's important
for you right now.
Do you...
You think we can talk?
What?
You won't talk to me.
You haven't talked
to me since the meeting.
I don't wanna talk to you,
because I feel embarrassed.
Every time I think
about what happened.
Okay?
It's fine.
I'll get over it.
It's been three weeks.
I have to get back to work.
You're just gonna ignore me? You didn't
have to stick up for me in there.
I know that you were just
trying to help, but just...
Don't do it again!
Even if I'm losing, let me lose.
Okay?
Don't look confused!
Just say...
"Okay."
Okay.
Elliot...
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
WOMAN: (ON TV) FBI agents claim that
Colby either used hacking groups,
or worked
in conjunction with them
to pressure Evil Corp during
his contract negotiations.
After a long and
exhaustive investigation,
sources close to the FBI
have confirmed the hacks were, in
part, tied to Colby's terminal.
ELLIOT:
It's happening.
It's happening. It's happening.
Sir, step inside the car.
Sir.
Step inside the vehicle now.
(ELEVATOR DINGS)
(DOOR OPENS)
Go ahead.
Sir, go on in.
(MEN ARGUING INDISTINCTLY)
(ARGUING CONTINUES)
(ARGUING STOPS)
Bonsoir, Elliot.
ELLIOT: Please tell me
you're seeing this, too.
Ripped By mstoll
Happy New Year 2016 - New Year, New Color ;-)